get underway this morning we're going to
have our introductory speaker who will
open things up Michael to board
[Applause]
brothers sisters I think it would be
appropriate at this time to say all
power to the people all power to the
people and each and everyone here should
recognize that this mass outpouring is
coming together is in itself a a a
glaring illustration that the people
must have the power look here
down here in Philadelphia as a matter of
fact when the Black Panther Party first
announced that there would be a
revolutionary people's constitutional
convention it was at that moment that
the forces of fascist repression in this
country led by Richard Nixon Spiro Agnew
John and Mitchell J Edgar Hogg Hoover
and all of the rest of the fascist
bandage it was at that point it was at
that point that the pigs got together
and they sat down and he went over this
situation and they don't that something
hello fide was bout to jump off they dog
that for the first time in the history
of this raggedy society the true people
would come together and really begin to
examine the very foundations the
premises and the assumptions upon which
this society was founded in upon
examining those assumptions they would
inevitably they would have to come to
the conclusion that the present
Constitution and the present system of
government has got to go it's got the
gold
[Applause]
so what did the page do they said it can
come on they say we got a sabotage it
they say that we cannot let we cannot
allow tens of thousands of righteous
people in this society to come together
at one time and to get their heads
together and start questioning what this
society is all about they say that can't
happen and they said that they were
going to stop it the job of stopping
this convention the job of stopping this
plenary session rest in the hands of a
notorious a notorious fascist beef by
the name of Rizzo
[Applause]
Rizzo's summoned rizzo brought together
under his command not only the fascist
Gestapo forces of Philadelphia but they
imported agents and other forces from
all over the country they laid out their
timetable and they said that one week
before the people come here they would
attempt to create a condition they would
attempt to create a situation that would
lead to further persecution of the Black
Panther Party and that was and that
would intimidate and frighten people
away but we see right here today nobody
frightened that nobody gives a damn
about Rizzo because we are out here
Rizzo
speaking in behalf of the power
structure of Babylon has issued a
challenge not simply to the Black
Panther Party but they have issued a
challenge to the righteous and
peace-loving people of the society and
that challenge says that he said the
real pumps and we are cowards that we
are not men and women where we say that
results challenges late we say that his
indictment is late we say that the
people of this society have handed down
their own indictment we say that the
pigs of America are guilty of mass
murder they're guilty of genocide on an
international level we say that they are
guilty of persecuting every minority
group in this society they're guilty of
persecuting and opressing women they're
guilty of persecuting you know pressing
homosexuals they are guilty of every
conceivable crime or to the human mind
and we say that it's punishment for
those crimes
the only fit place for them is in the
graveyard of human history they have to
be Paris on the planet they have to be
[Applause]
we're here today yeah we're here it
shows another thing - it shows that when
the people are truly dedicated and
sincere and determined again they're
just freedom justice and equality by any
means necessary that all of the forces
of repression that all of the enemies of
the people all of the guns of the power
structure can't do a goddamn thing cuz
we're gonna get it together anyway you
can't stop a people when they want to be
free you can stop you can stop them one
of the problems in our society today is
that they are far too many people they
are far too many people who still labor
under the delusion who still believes
that America is a free and democratic
society I don't know it's a mind-blower
it's a mind-blower when you have tens of
millions of people in this society dying
from starvation
it's a mind blowing when you have the
government in the army of this country
dropping napalm bombs all over the world
it's a mind-blower when people can be
starving and dying every day and then
still people running around talking
about America is free that's a
mind-blower and we gotta straighten that
out we gotta straighten that out
[Applause]
and we'll recheck that phenomena out we
find that the primary reason why have so
many people feel that way while so many
people think that America is free is
because while we were in school while we
were in school we were fed a steady and
heavy diet of both consisting of praise
and glory our glorification we will fare
to die that said that America is right
on that America is the most equitable
Society that America is the most humane
and just society on the planet when we
were in school they told us when you dig
it when you think about it when you
think about it they told us how the
government is supposed the world they
told us about the anatomy of the
government but they didn't tell us how
it really works they didn't tell us
about the physiology of the government
they didn't tell us that this government
from it's very inception was never a
government of the people by the people
and for the people that from Jump Street
from the get-go it was a government of
the pigs by the pigs and for the peace
and that the people that never had no
power in the society
[Applause]
when we objectively check out the facts
in the history of this country we find
that about 200 years ago a racist by the
name of Thomas Jefferson way back in
1776 sat down and wrote a document that
has gone down in history as being one of
the most eloquent and one of the most
saw our glorious documents ever
formulated ever drawn up and in that
document it asserts that all men having
an alien double right to life liberty
and the pursuit of happiness and goes on
to say and that was a hell of a wolf
ticket at that time that was a hell of a
wolf ticket it was a hell of a wolf
ticket because the individuals who said
it at that time constituted nothing but
a two-bit r2 bit in a chump ass colony
and they were being dominated they were
being oppressed and they were being
exploited by the so-called British
Empire headed by King George so not only
did they sell a wolf ticket to the
effect that every man has a right to
determine the cost of his own destiny
but they went on to say that whenever
whenever any form of government comes
down file when they begin misusing when
they begin explaining when they begin
oppressing the people and when they show
beyond a doubt all contradiction that
they have no intention of writing those
wrongs than the people have a right to
offer too awful that's what it says but
when we check out that document further
and we wave that document against the
reality of the situation at that time we
find they're back in 1775 when it was
hooked up they said all men were created
equal all men were created equal now
a lot of people never gave that no
thought but the fact of the matter is
black people at that time weren't
considered people at all
we were property we were property women
weren't considered people at all it
didn't say nothing about all men and all
women are created equal and just said
all men and just said all men
[Applause]
but even in that document their squad as
is kept one portion was left out in the
original draft there was a part that
went to the effect of King George was
guilty of transporting and enslaving a
people who had never done him any harm
and that was a crime against humanity
but the strangest thing happened when
that document the Declaration of
Independence was finally published that
part was an idiot that part wasn't in it
and for a very good reason because that
indictment against King George made by
George Washington Thomas Jefferson John
Adams R James Madison Alexander Hamilton
in the rest of the speech not only was
that a valid indictment against King
George but it was also a valid
indictment against the very individuals
who wrote it because they were slave
masters themselves so we see the
contradiction right there and so they
hooked up their document so they say
they had to be free they said it was
wrong to to be taxed without having our
adequate representation they petitioned
they boycotted they even had a tea party
they were so cowardly in their tea party
that they didn't even take credit for
they were so racist that they blamed it
on the Indians finally and so often is
the case in history push came to shove
push came to shove and there was no
denying any longer that in order for
them to be free they would have to go to
war they would have to fight so they
picked up the gun as a last resort and
they told the British Empire to come on
with it that it ran down to us that they
fought nobly that they fought valiantly
that they were courageous but that was
bully so they was punks because George
Washington for that whole war and
retreat
and the only reason the suckers was able
to win was because Holland France and
Spain declared war on England at the
same time and that's a hell of a
historical lesson because anytime we see
the time and time again in history we
saw her with Hitler we saw her with
Napoleon and we saw it back there during
the so-called American Revolutionary War
that you know no nation in the world can
fight more than walking fight wars on
several fronts and that's why they blew
because they was trying to take care of
business all over the world they were
trying to enslave and oppress people all
over the world and they got jammed so
okay they say to George and them chumps
won and then they went on back in then
it came up to 1787 and he sat down here
in this so-called city of brotherly love
brotherly love can you dig that
brotherly love how how can there be any
love in a city where the police
commissioner is named Rizzo
[Applause]
how can there be any love in a city with
his saying fascist dog gives orders to
his police to raid the homes and not
only Black Panthers but brothers and
sisters off the street who were helping
in the registration for the people here
to come when he's given to all when he
gave the order to raid their homes to
shoot him down in cold blood to drag him
out of their homes and stand them up
against the wall and have him to spit
buck Nick that reminds us of slavery
that reminds us of slavery he told him
the strip
how can there be any love in a city with
such inhuman and barbaric acts are
allowed to go unpunished if there's any
love here in the city at all it is
manifested right here in attendance in
the gymnasium at Temple University this
is where the love is that this is rare
sad and so the founding father sat down
back in 1787 and they said they were
going on make a government they said
they were going to draw up a
constitution they saw they said they
were gonna make laws for people to live
by but where we check out that document
that they hooked up and where we check
out the personalities who were down with
the formulation in the drafting of the
Constitution we find that in actuality
they were not so freedom-loving they
were not so righteous they were not so
humane after all we find that the
founding fathers consisted of
individuals such as Alexander Hamilton
who refer to the masses of the people as
being the beasts we find that it
consisted of individual individuals who
were so democratic and so freedom-loving
that they felt that the Senators and the
president should hold their office
forever we find that it consisted of
individuals like George Washington you
know the so called great founding father
who's documented as having sold a slave
for king of molasses we find that it
consisted of individuals such as Thomas
Jefferson who was supposed to be the
most freedom-loving out of that whole
bunch he was the most freedom-loving and
he was a slave master so that's the type
of individuals who hooked up the
government thus the type of individuals
who created the society and who drafted
the Constitution and what were the
positions of these individuals what
class did they come from they were in
slaves it couldn't have been slaves
because they owned slaves they owned
property - they control the shipping
they controlled the industry they
control every aspect in every sector of
the economy at that time
they were quite simply the ruling class
the ruling class and when they sat down
to draft that document they had one
thing in mind and that was creating a
society that would enable them to
protect their property rights creating a
society that will live that would
legalize their enslavement of black
people creating a society that would
enable them to create our army to
guarantee that the masses of the people
did not rip their stolen wealth off they
were all about creating a society not
based on freedom justice and equality
for the people but rather creating a
society that would enable the pigs to
perpetrate their madness throughout all
of this country when that document was
hooked up at that time in 1787 there
were approximately 600,000 black people
in this country there were approximately
300,000 Indians 300,000 because they had
off over half of them by that time there
were approximately 240,000 indentured
slaves or servants and there were I
don't know how many women and none of
those people none of them were included
in that document as a matter of fact in
the Constitution when it was originally
drawn up and three separate sections the
issue of slavery was dealt with in one
section the first one is stated that
black people would constitute not a
human being not a 100% human being but
rather three-fifths of a man how can you
be three-fifths of a man they said we
were three-fifths of a human being and
they figured they was giving us a play
at that because before they sat down and
did that we wasn't considered no part of
a human being
those Indians those Indians had no
rights whatsoever
the indentured servants and the women
had no rights whatsoever that whole
document was about doing nothing other
than just being able to create a society
where they could rob steal plunder and
just go crazy and this is exactly what
they did it's interesting to note that
it was not until the Year 1787
I'm 7 excuse me 1791 that the pigs were
forced to sit down and include the
so-called Bill of Rights that section of
the Constitution which supposedly we got
to emphasize that supposedly supposedly
guarantees certain liberties to every
man woman and child who is a
of this country and guarantees that they
have a right to assemble and guarantees
that they have freedom of speech freedom
of the press it guarantees them the
right to bear arms and to defend their
homes against attackers it guarantees
them guarantees them the right it
guarantees them the right to be safe in
their homes and also it goes on to point
out that they cannot be arrested and
thrown into jail and have an excessively
high bail thrown on them and guarantees
them so many things when we look at it
it seems some kind of beautiful but we
will check out the reality of it we find
that nowhere in America
do any of these things exist and it was
not until the nonprofit White's the poor
whites of this society got together and
threatened to start another war
threatening start another revolution if
George Washington and him creeps
didn't get down and hook up that bill of
rights they only included the bill of
rights upon threat of being overthrown
upon being overthrown and so the years
passed by and so the years passed by and
black people remained in the state of
total bondage of total enslavement 1850
rolling around and they said the Supreme
Court now the Supreme Court plays a very
key role in the society because they are
the ultimate interpreters of the
Constitution there's a misconception
that exists in the minds of many people
that the Supreme Court operates and
functions independently of any outside
pressures they're like supposed to be
above and beyond politics now I don't
know how anybody could come up with an
idea like that but a lot of people think
that a lot of people think that Supreme
Court decisions come from the hand of
God they were written for written by the
almighty upper bar and in 1850 that
Supreme Court sat down and said that any
slave who escapes from one state
offer one section of the country and who
goes to another must be returned that's
what they thought about us in 1857 Chief
Justice tani of the Supreme Court of
this country handed down a historic
decision that said that black people
were black man has no rights which a
white man is bound to respect that was
back in 1857 and nothing has changed
that situation has remained the same now
we come up to this creep by the name of
Abraham Lincoln Lincoln said something
that was very hip and we should all take
heed of it he said you could fool some
of the people some of the time but you
can't fool all the people all the time
[Applause]
and Lincoln should have known because he
did a damn good job of fooling four
million black people in this country at
the time that when he sat down and wrote
that Emancipation Proclamation that that
freed us for a million of us went for
that book four million of us that's what
they ran to us in school but when we
check out history when we check it out
we find that Abraham Lincoln did not
sign the Emancipation Proclamation
because he sincerely and honestly felt
that black people should be freed oh no
that's not the reason why that chump
signed that document he signed it out of
political and economic necessity that's
how it came down because when we check
out the history of this country we find
that the south at that time on January
the 1st 1863 when he issued that
document the South was putting fire to
the North's ass it was giving them a
righteous ass ripping Abraham Lincoln
and the northern generals had to come up
with a scheme that would in fact all
diminish the power of the south that
would undermine their military strength
so what did Lincoln did he sat down and
said that all of those states that have
broken away from are from from the Union
and who refused to come back that the
slaves in those states are free now all
we have to do is look at that we see
that that's absolute madness that's
ridiculous because first of all the
states had they had broken away from the
Union the Confederate states now Abraham
Lincoln had no power over those states
so high in the hell could he free slaves
that he had no power over he didn't free
him then it goes on the contradiction
becomes even greater when we check it
out because he said that in those states
those states who had broken away from
the Union but who were coming back and
who would be loyal to the Union they
could keep those slaves they could keep
their slaves so in effect what he did
was he freed those slaves which he
didn't have no power to free and he kept
in slavery those that he did have the
power to free
and it was in fact because of the heroic
effort because of the fighting spirit in
the spirit of sacrifice manifested by
those hundred and eighty-six thousand
black men who fought in the Civil War
under the pretext of the Union that they
get some freedom the only reason why the
North won was because of those black
soldiers that's the only reason and then
and then they came together in Congress
Congress at that time was dominated by
the Republican Party by the Republican
Party Abraham Lincoln was a Republican
at that time the Republicans had a
reputation of being the Liberals they
had the reputation of being the radicals
stati astadia stevens and all him all
the funny Tom chumps they were supposed
to be the revolutionaries at that time
but when we check it out a little
further we find that all of the laws the
13th 14th and 15th amendment that were
enacted by Congress and that supposedly
gave black people our freedom that
supposedly gave black people the right
to our citizenship and that supposedly
gave black people the right to vote we
find that none of those laws were passed
as a result of a sincere our desire on
the part of the government of this
country to repay to black people what
they in stolen from them no none of
those reasons accounted for what they
did the main reason why we got the 13th
14th and 15th amendment was because at
that time the Republicans were
representing the interests of the
northern capitalists of the financed
series of the industrialist and of the
bankers and that group in order to do
what they wanted to do it what did they
want to do they wanted to control the
entire country they wanted to expand
their power they wanted to move into the
West and set up railroads they wanted to
build industries but they realized in
order to do that they would have to have
absolute control of the government they
would have to have absolute control of
the government and as long as the
Southern Democrats were in power that
control was impossible so what did they
do they said we will give black people
the right to vote we make black people
citizens and behind Abraham Lincoln
freeing them and behind Abraham Lincoln
being a Republican then who got damn
well the black people would pledge their
allegiance
the Republican Party and that's what we
did that's what we did they had what
they call reconstruction reconstruction
anyone here today who is under the
delusion that the problems the economic
political and social problems that
afflict black people can be solved by
way of having black representatives
functioning in the political arena in
the traditional political arena anyone
who believes that all you have to do is
look back at reconstruction you want to
talk about some political representation
black people had what was called
political representation at that time it
didn't get us a goddamn place as a
matter of fact during the Reconstruction
era black people sent two senators two
senators to the to the Senate and from
all places they came from Mississippi
Rivas and Bruce from Mississippi during
Reconstruction there were 20 black
representatives to Congress during
Reconstruction there were blacks who
served as associate judges on the state
court there were blacks who served as
mayor's there were blacks who served as
DA's there were blacks who served as
police commissioners there were blacks
who functioned on damn near every level
of of the local state and federal
government but when but when the ruling
class in this society decided that black
people had outlived their usefulness all
they did was they just squashed it all
and despite all of that so-called
political representation despite all of
the so-called gains that we made during
Reconstruction despite all of that when
the year 1876 roll around and it was
necessary for ruthless would be Hayes
who was all the Republican or candidate
for the presidency at that time when it
was necessary for him to capture the
necessary votes to win that election all
he did was he farmed a deal he made a
deal with the southerners and that ended
reconstruction that squashed that and
the next day we found ourselves in a
worse trick bag than we were in or
during slavery slavery had been ushered
back upon the stage of American history
and it has remained until this very day
every dealing every form of relationship
that we have had to this society
that applies to black people that
applies to Puerto Rican Americans that
applies to Mexican Americans that
applies to Indians that applies to
Eskimos
that applies to poor whites that apply
to women every dealing that every one of
those groups has had with this
government has resulted in nothing more
than a lot of meaningless promises made
and nothing came of those promises and
the end result was a flim-flam and more
persecution and more oppression every
promise that they made has only served
to put us asleep right on in the year
1896 that prestigious in August body the
most powerful judiciary body in the
world the Supreme Court of the United
States sat down handed down a ruling it
was called the Plessy versus Ferguson
decision a brother by the name of
Pleasanton from down in Louisiana hopped
on a train and he sat in the in the
section that was reserved for whites and
the conductor came along and told him he
had to move because black people could
not sit in that section soap Leslie took
it to court and when it reached the
Supreme Court the Supreme Court ruled
that separate but equal accommodations
were constitutional and were failure
that is known as Jim Crow as Jim Crow in
1954 the Supreme Court supposedly
squashed the Jim Crow law by outlawing
segregated schooling here we are 16
years later and over 90% of the black
children in the south still attend
inferior and segregated schooling so
that's how much rhythm we get out of the
Supreme Court that's how much rhythm we
get out of the Constitution that's where
that's at given the fact that America
today is trapped it's caught up in the
most serious crisis that has ever
confronted this nation given the fact
that economically it is undergoing what
has to be called a mini depression the
country is uptight economically
they try to obscure that fact they try
to to delude the masses of the people
into believing that everything is cool
instead of saying depression they say
you have an inflation in a recession
going on at the same time what does that
mean it means that the top of the
economy the lid is blowing off in the
form of inflation and it means that the
bottom is falling out as a result of
recession
[Applause]
whenever you have an economy that is
beset by a recession and an inflation at
the same time you have a depression you
have a depression that's why the
unemployment rate is going up but the
administrators of this society would
have us to believe that that's simply a
passing phenomenon it's nothing to
really be worried about when the
employment realm and unemployment rate
went up to 4% they said well don't worry
about it because in the next session in
the next three months that will be cool
out when it went up to 4.5% they said
the same thing knives pushing 6% and
they're still talking that same madness
and it's still a lot of people run
around here believing it and that's a
drag that's a drag
politically America is also caught up in
the worst crisis that has ever
confronted it because now they have
found that as Abraham Lincoln said you
can't fool all of the people all of the
time and a lot of people in this society
have just been fooled too goddamn much
and too goddamn long and their eyes are
opening up veil after veil of illusion
veil after veil has been lifted from
their eyes and now they're standing and
they're taking a cold hard objective
look and what America is all about
they're looking at that flag up there
that they once thought of as being they
are the symbol of freedom justice and
equality they're looking at that flag
that they once recognized as being a
flag that was that that should be
respected above all other symbols in the
world they're looking at that flag now
now they don't think of it in those
terms when they look at that flag now
they don't think about freedom justice
and equality they think about slavery
racism oppression and imperialism they
look at that flag now
they look at that flag now and it they
don't think about hanging it outside of
their window and flying it with pride
they think about taking it into the
bathroom and you and using it when they
run out of toilet tissue
[Applause]
they look at that flag now and what
comes to their mind is not America the
Beautiful but America the hideous they
look at that flag now and what comes to
their mind is not the American dream but
as Malcolm said the American Nightmare
they look at that flag now and they
think about not hanging it up but taking
a match and burning that mother
[Applause]
so politically and socially and
economically turbulent in chaotic is the
present situation in America today so
enraged and so divided all the masses of
the people that on one hand you have
tens of millions of people who are
saying no more when we submit to this
economic exploitation no more will we
submit to the political oppression no
more where we submit to the social
dehumanization and on the other end of
the social scale on the other end of the
spectrum you have those whose
mentalities are so perverted and so
depraved that they say you can do
anything but just don't spit at my flag
because if you spit at my flag I'll kill
you that's insanity
that's insanity that's the situation in
America today and when we look at what
the Nixon administration is doing when
we look at what they're doing we find
that in actuality it is nothing unusual
it is no weird phenomenon what they are
doing is the natural outgrowth of the
basic nature of the society we got a lot
of liberal politicians in America who
accused the Nixon administration of
violating the so-called fundamental and
basic rights enunciated by the founding
fathers and put forth in the
Constitution they say that Nixon has
brought scorn and disgrace upon the
founding fathers but when we look back
in American history they say that Nixon
because he is our having passed all
types of repressive and reactionary
legislation has put the founding fathers
to shame that's bull issue because when
we look at when we look back at history
and we start talking about repressive
laws and laws that in effect restricted
and squashed the fundamental and basic
rights of human beings where we want to
find the beginning of it all we have to
do is look back to the founding fathers
they started the show they started the
show you talk about they talk about
preventive detention they talked about
the McCarran act in the Smith Act will
the far the founding fathers started
that in motion way back in 1789 when
this country got hooked up into a little
job conflict with France the so called
Federalists George Washington was a
federalist they were in control of the
that was the name of their political
party and to squash all opposition they
sat down and they wrote up a law it was
called the Sedition law and it said that
any man woman a child who makes the
scandalous malicious or derogatory
remark about the president of the
government Congress or any other of the
symbols of this society would in fact
end were in fact incarcerated they were
thrown into jail they were thrown into
jail an application that simply came
down to mean that anyone who said
anything about this society that was
contrary to what the piece that was
contrary to with George Washington and
him creeps wanted to hear to be thrown
in jail that was way back in 1789 and
the same thing is happening today the
repression that we are experiencing in
this country today it's nothing new it's
nothing new it's old hat a lot of us are
hung up a lot of us are hung up because
we can only visualize we can only see
fascism in terms of Nazi Germany or
fascist Italy we can only see fascism we
can only think of fascism when we see
herds of stormtroopers rolling down the
street goose-stepping and screaming
thunderous seek house we can only see
fascism when we look up and see a Adolf
Hitler we can only see fascism when we
look up and see a Patito Mussolini and
until they see that a lot of people are
going to refuse to believe that America
is fascists well all I have to say about
that is you can wait for the xik house
you can wait for for the goose steps you
can wait for you're a dog Hitler and by
the time they arrive it'll be too
goddamn late because your ass will have
been run into a concentration camp
[Applause]
they are they don't need no Hitler in
this country
they've gone quite a few better than
Hitler when you tape spiro agnew when
you take Richard Nixon John Mitch you
when you take the Joint Chiefs of Staff
when you take Richard Helms a head of
the CIA and put them all together that
aggregation of the minute and perverted
beasts are out do they they have past
anything that Himmler Hitler and Goering
ever imagined they've passed them
they've gone way ahead of them
why are we talking about Hitler that
brings to mind a statement that Hitler
once made and I suspect that he got the
idea from America because he stood up
and said that if allies told long enough
and strong enough people in time will
begin to believe it and I'm sure he
learned that from America because
America has in fact ran down the longest
and the strongest live or perpetrated in
history the lie that says America is a
free and democratic society that's the
biggest lie of a told the biggest lie of
a told a lot of people are still talking
about the six million Jews that the
Nazis exterminated and they have
forgotten about the 50 million black
people I don't know how many million
Indians I don't know how many how many
million Mexicans they're still talking
about those six million Jews but they
done just shot over the fact that during
era of slavery America participated in
the callous and cold-blooded
extermination of 50 million black people
50 million and that was just during the
era of so-called or overt slavery now I
don't know how many more have been
massacred I don't know how many more
have been lynched been castrated and
murdered since that time up until now I
don't think there's enough numbers to
account for it so we got to stop talking
about what America might do what America
might not do because the fact of the
matter is the issue ain't whether
America would commit genocide the
reality of the situation is that America
has been perpetrating genocide since the
Year 1607 when embraces bandits first
landed on that rock when they first set
foot in Jamestown they've been doing it
since then
we cannot look upon the United States of
America it's simply being a nation the
United States of America is far more
than a nation it is in fact the most
ruthless the most bloodthirsty the most
oppressive and the most exploitative
empire that has ever existed in the
annals of history the United States of
America is in fact the number one the
number one threat to the continued
existence of the human race
[Applause]
when we look at the eat when we look at
the military power of America we find
that in terms of capabilities for
destruction in terms of being able to
destroy and our and just quash we find
that the military strength of America is
greater than that manifested in the
homes of our Atilla
it's greater than the Mongolian herds
and it's more powerful than the Nazi are
that the Nazi war machine is more
powerful than all of them put together
in America has in fact massacred in
slaughtered more people than all of the
mad men in history put together America
makes America has already made out of
Hitler look like a peace demonstrator we
have to understand that the forces that
are presently in control of this
government and a lot of people think
that Richard Nixon is in control of the
government Richard Nixon ain't in
control of the government Richard Nixon
is merely a glorified functionary and
flunky
[Applause]
and if that's not the worst of it he is
also a paranoid with a loser's complex
[Applause]
oh he an actuality does is to relay the
orders given to him by by Rockefeller by
Ford by the pews by the DuPont's by the
melons and by general westmoreland and
other forces of the pentagon oftentimes
oftentimes our policies on an
international mainly on an international
level but also on a domestic level are
implemented and Richard Nixon don't know
nothing about it until the next day when
are when somebody comes up to him and
hands him a statement and he gets on
national TV that night and makes the
State of the Union address and begins
with that bullet it's all about my
fellow Americans
you wonder why a lot of people wonder
why the president of this country can
stand up one day and say that the
military forces of the United States
have no intention whatsoever of invading
Saint Laos to Cambodia
that was the last thing that would ever
enter our minds and then the next day /
UPI and by way of Chet Huntley David
Brinkley and Walter Cronkite we hear
that America has in fact made an
invasion and then the president gets up
and says well this invasion was
absolutely necessary because the Viet
congs and all of the Communists were
about to take over the country were
about to take over the country they
don't took it over already and we gotta
kick it back that's the last time
[Applause]
when we check out when we check out
America economically we find that the
wealth of America exceeds that that was
had by the Pharaohs of Egypt the wealth
of America is greater than the wealth of
the the Sultan's of Baghdad is greater
than the wealth of of the Pope in the
Vatican and he got twelve billion he got
12 billion that they know about that
they know about you take the wealth of
the Rockefellers which is estimated at
being a 7.5 billion dollars you take the
wealth of the DuPont's their wealth is
estimated at being an excess of 7
billion dollars you take the wealth of
the Ford family their wealth is in the
billions you take the wealth of the pews
who owned your steel you take the wealth
of the Mellon's who owned chrysler
bethlehem steel westinghouse electric
you name it they own it you take their
combined wealth and put it together in
the Pharaohs of Egypt the Sultan's of
Baghdad and the Pope of the Vatican look
like welfare recipients that's what they
look like
[Applause]
the forces of the military an industry
in this country are now firmly wedded
together now firmly with it together
a so-called
great military leader by the name of
Dwight Eisenhower quite a few years ago
said and we have to watch out for the
military-industrial complex he was down
with starting it and then he came back
and said you got to watch out for it cuz
his done got out ahead cuz it's getting
out of hand that was quite a few years
ago I think just when he left office
back in 1968 is 1970 now and we don't
have to watch out for it no more we got
to deal with it because it is in fact
the force that controls this country the
power in this country now firmly rests
in the hands of the Pentagon it is in
the Pentagon where all of the tax that
are being perpetrated against the Black
Panther Party and other progressive and
revolutionary forces in this society and
the American people in general it is in
the Pentagon where all of those
activities are being centrally
coordinated and it is there and the
Pentagon's that that are the orders
emanate from is going down in the
Pentagon so we don't have to worry about
them coming to power because they
control the society between the between
the guns of the Pentagon in the world
for the ruling families in the society
there exists a plan that is in fact the
most barbaric and the most hideous
scheme ever thought up in human history
their plan is to have economic
domination and military domination of
the entire world around the end of our
at the end of the World War two
they sat down and they dog they know
that the most wealth the greatest caste
could be made by our doing times of war
during times of war so what did they do
they dedicated themselves to the
proposition that they would keep a wall
going on somewhere on the planet at all
times and what would they do they would
supply the military needs of
those who were fighting they would make
guns they would make boats they would
make planes they would make Jeeps they
would make tanks they would make every
form a material necessary to carry out a
war they would make every every form a
material that can be used to destroy
humanity they sat down and they said we
will build massive military sites our
missile sites they said we will hook up
missiles that can not only go into the
air but they can go into the air hit
their target come back and land in the
same spot and they did all this on the
pretext that Russia was about to attack
they sighed military past with 42
different countries around the world
they have over a million our armed
forces stationed in over 30 countries
around the world they are waging war all
over the world and at the same time
they're going to stand up and tell
people that they are all over the planet
enslaving exploiting opressing and
dehumanizing people because they want to
make the world safe for democracy and
freedom
[Applause]
now I'm sorry but anybody who can
believe that that's really why the
United States has in the last five years
dropped more bombs on Laos Cambodia and
Vietnam then all of the bombs dropped
during World War two if they can really
think that that is being done to make
the world safe for freedom and democracy
all we can say is that they are
extremely ignorant extremely ignorant
they are either a racists or fascists or
they just dropped in from another planet
because all we have to do is look at the
world situation today and we find that
from the islands of the Philippines to
the swamps of Southeast Asia to the
tropical jungles of Africa to the arid
deserts of the Middle East to the
Bolivian tin mines to the cities of
South America our own up into the
colonized ghettos of Babylon we find
that all over the world people have
risen up and they're moving like a
mighty tidal wave and they're saying
that it is our duty it is our obligation
to humanity to destroy that very force
which is responsible for the enslavement
of the planet this is what they're
saying
they are saying that whatever must be
done to destroy US imperialism and
capitalism and racism must be done they
are saying that no longer shall the
struggle be waged by way of conducting
it according to the rules and
regulations laid down by the oppressor
they say no longer will they attempt to
secure their their human right to
self-determination by by by doing it
according to the way that the oppressor
says it must be done they're saying now
that they will do it by any means
necessary if it means picking up a gun
they pick up the guns this is what
they're saying and the people of Asia
the people of South America the people
of Africa the people all over the world
their eyes are focused on the United
States of America at this time because
they know far better than a lot of us
here in Babylon know that the only force
the only power the only group of people
that are capable of dealing a death blow
to the monster known as America are
those who live right here within the
belly of the beast
[Applause]
Hey
they know that until the righteous
people right here in Babylon begin to
move in a unified and revolutionary
fashion to destroy the society and
create a new society that will not be
based upon the depraved and mad dog'
barbaric ethic of dog-eat-dog Chinese
cat you beat me today I'll steal from
you tomorrow and the day after we get
together and sock it to blows oh uh uh
they know that in order to create a
society wearing people can live in a
harmonious and cooperative fashion with
people if they want to lay up and smoke
some pot and peace they can do that if
they want to lay up and make love they
can do that if they just want to groove
and be cool they can do that if they
want to have all the right to determine
the cost of their own destiny they can
do they got to do that they got to do
that they know they know
[Applause]
they know that in order for any of those
conditions to exist that black people
here in America that Puerto Ricans here
in America that Mexicans here in
American that Chinese here in America
that Japanese here that Eskimos
that poor whites that women that all
oppressed groups here in America must
unite must move in a revolutionary
fashion must assume an uncompromising
stand must never turn back and must
deliver a deathblow to US imperialism
they know that they know it they know it
[Applause]
right on power to the people volunteer
people power to the people power to the
people
[Applause]
right on
right off
[Applause]
brother brother error it's cleaver the
Minister of Information of the Black
Panther Party brother L rich calls
America Babylon calls it Babylon where
we look back in history or we check out
the Bible
we find the thousands of years ago a
so-called civilization we got to
emphasize our so-called because they
ain't nothing wasn't nothing civilized
about Babylon was nothing civilized
about the Roman Empire was nothing
civilized about the Greek Empire and
they're damned showing nothing civilized
about America you can't have no
civilization when people are being
enslaved oppressed and persecuted that
ain't civilization that's barbarism
that's barbarism that's what that is but
at any rate our rich calls America
Babylon and when we check back and we
look at Babylon we find a thousands of
years ago this society existed and it
was a sigh it was a society that was
based upon the foundation of that
society was slavery the foundation of
that society was uh was oppression and
we find that because of the situation
that existed within that society it came
to a tragic end because the people there
got tired of that bull issue and they
put a squash to it and when we look at
America today we find that America today
is nothing more than the modern-day
descendants of ancient Babylon and when
we look at America and we look at the
international scene we find we find that
America is uptight it is up against the
wall we are in fact witnessing what must
be called the dissolution and the
disintegration the collapse of the
Babylonian empty modern-day Babylonian
Empire the American Empire this is what
we're watching America is crumbling and
falling and those who in control of this
society
realize it they realize that their
empire is on the verge of becoming
extinct we see this happening received
happening in Vietnam in a small
Southeast Asian nation where the people
there have been fighting for over 40
years to gain their liberation and we
see even in the most optimistic
statements made by the administrators of
this society by the president by the
vice president and by his press
secretary you can't
him because uh he does all the cleanups
and by the Pentagon even in their most
optimistic statements is obvious that
America has lost that war that war is
over it's over it's over
[Applause]
but if they're one why's this still
fighting going on they're taking care of
business in their area they're taking
care of business but they're still
fighting going on but the war has been
won why why because here in America here
in America we have not done our job yet
you see that's where that's at and we
have to understand that we have to
recognize that we have to recognize that
the individuals who control this society
will not hesitate in a desperate mad
dog' insane attempt to preserve their
empire they will not hesitate to drag
all of humanity into other oblivion they
will not hesitate to do that and anyone
who thinks that they would anyone who
thinks that the Constitution is still
valid all they have to do is reflect
back just a few months just a few months
ago when the Congress the Senate the
House of Representatives and the
president are got together and in fact
squash the Constitution squashed the
Constitution two of the most sacred
so-called rights of the people in this
society are one that you are safe in
your home your home cannot be invaded
your dog cannot be kicked in if anybody
wants to come in and they are
representatives of the so-called law
enforcement they have to knock on your
door and they have to give you a warrant
and say we have a warrant to search your
home or we are coming for said or
certain individual also it says that are
in the Eighth Amendment that nobody can
just be arbitrarily thrown in jail and
have an excessively high bail placed
upon them they also must have a speedy
and quick trial law you know all s in
the Constitution all that's in the
Constitution but what did they do down
in DC just a little over a month
they got together and it squashed the
Fourth Amendment by will to no-knock law
black people who have known throughout
throughout their history here in this
country that we have never had no rights
we've never had no rights brothers and
sisters on welfare have always known
that they have no Fourth Amendment
rights because anytime a welfare
investigator or any time a police wants
to come into their home to investigate
the so lost investigator so-called
welfare violation they just come on in
the crib they don't knock so welfare
recipients have never had any Fourth
Amendment rights and now nobody has no
fault Amendment rights because that was
what the no-knock Lord did and the game
the game the calm game that they ran
down to justify passing that law they
saying that ah the reason for it was
because when we come to issue or warrant
for the arrest of a dope dealer we find
that we can get them because they flush
all the narco down the toilet bowl so
how are we gonna deal with that
situation well we're deal with it by
squashing the Fourth Amendment and
giving the police the power they just
come on in your home so they say that
this will only be done in an incident
where they are rarely suspected that the
dope dealer in the house will if the
police knock on the door have an
opportunity to flush it down the toilet
but we know for a fact that not only
will that law be applied not only will
that be applied the so-called narcotics
dealers but it will be in fact be
applied to every man woman and child in
this country who is stood up taking a
firm stand and saying that well no more
am I going to submit no more am I going
to endorse and follow the fascist
policies laid down by the Nixon Agnew
and Mitchell administration so when we
look at it we find that one brother
Martin so stro Martin so strop in
Buffalo was given our 41 years in the
penitentiary for a so-called possession
of hair on Martin so ster was a
revolutionary and he was thrown in jail
because of possessing some goddamn hair
on 41 years
[Applause]
we go down to Texas and we find that the
brotherly oldest Johnson was given 30
years for the so-called sale of a stick
of marijuana 30 years 30 years so
anybody who thinks for one moment that
that no Lawton that no knob law will
just be applied the so-called dope
pushers has got to be insane they've got
to be insane they're gonna apply that
law to everybody who they define as
being our enemy of this country who they
define is being subversive who they
define is being revolutionary who they
defined as being a freedom level and you
can rest assured or your mere presence
here by being here today you have
stepped clearly into the category of us
over Civ you have stepped clearly into
the category of an enemy of the state
[Applause]
you can believe that by being here today
by being here today
you are now classified as being a threat
to the internal security of this country
[Applause]
by being here today you have assumed the
status of outlaw of outlaw in criminal
[Applause]
and that we say right on right on right
all cuz we want everybody we want
everybody in this society everybody in
this society should be a criminal
everybody in the society should be
subversive everybody in this society to
be a conspirator everybody in this
society should in short dedicate
themselves to the proposition that the
only good pig is a dead pig
[Applause]
if-if-if warning Liberty if warning
justice is warning equality and freedom
if warning the right to determine the
cost of your own destiny
if warning the right to do what you want
to do when you want to do it without
having some sadistic Pig who derive
sexual gratification behind clubbing you
in your head or pumping a bullet into
your body if if mourning all those
things makes you a criminal in a
subversive we say let's be criminal
let's be subversive must be outlawed
let's be outlaws
[Applause]
it's a hell of a thing when we think
about it revolution in this society at
one time was a glorious and noble world
it was glorious
but now the word revolution by those
very individuals who have sworn to
uphold the basic and fundamental rights
guaranteed to the people in this society
who have taken the word revolution and
made it a sinister term now they have
made it a hideous term ugly term where
we say this we say if the enemies of the
people if they would come out and say
that what we are all about is righteous
if they would come out and say
revolutionaries are hip and they would
come out and say that revolutionaries
have a right to do with their doing if
they would come out to say all that they
we'd have to get another word because as
long as the pigs say that
revolutionaries are dangerous as long as
they say that revolutionaries have no
right to are to function in the society
as long as they say that revolutionaries
should be destroyed then we say well
we're moving in the right direction
because anything anything anything that
they endorse anything that they say
right on - we say no to anything that
they say no to we say right - it's a
basic
it boils down it balls down when you
when you clear away all of the smoke
screens when you clear away all of the
rhetoric and all of the fall when you
clear away all of the word trickery
trickery and rhetoric when you clear all
that away you find that it balls down to
a basic fundamental question of who's
right and who's wrong who's right in
who's wrong we say that they that the
exploitation of abroad masses of the
people in this society is wrong they say
it's right we say that denying people
the right to assemble our and
demonstrate we say that's right they say
that's wrong
we say that every man woman and child
has a right to determine just how they
want to live they have a right to
determine what will be made who makes it
hard will be distributed and who owns it
they say that's wrong
they say that's wrong it's a question of
right and wrong that's all it balls down
to we say that people should be free
they say that they said that that they
shouldn't we say we're right they say
they're right so we ain't even gonna
argue about that anymore because we know
we right
and we also know and if we don't know it
we better get hip to it
you better get hip to it that what
confronts us today in America is this a
choice has been given to us
ultimatum which in effect says you will
submit to you will endorse and you will
not whisper one utterance of displeasure
or disapproval and what is happening in
this society you will endorse murder on
an international level you will endorse
racism capitalism or here in America
they're saying that you will either
endorse those things or you will have to
pick up a gun and get what's yours
America has said to black people America
has said to all those in this country
today who are determined who are
determined to be free they say that if
you want anything more than what America
has historically given you you gonna
have to take it you're gonna have to
take it when the pigs come out and they
got to be crazy when the pigs come out
and say that that the revolutionaries
the snipers and the righteous Bombers in
this society you're cowards and punks
because they don't come down in the
street you understand and fight like
so-called men we say to that into all
righteous brothers and sisters in this
country we say that we will conduct our
struggle along the lines that we see fit
if it is more advantageous for us if it
is more advantageous for the people to
go up to a rooftop with a 3006 over the
m40 and uh destroy a beast this is what
we're talking about we're not the topic
we're not talking about destroying
people we're talking about destroying
beasts and the first thing we have to
realize is that the individuals the
beasts who control the society are not
human beings they're not people they
have forfeited all claims to be
means they have forfeited that anytime
anytime you shoot down in cold blood
anytime you shoot down in cold blood men
women and children in the street and in
time you drop bombs on people all over
the world who have committed no other
crime other than just wanting to be free
anytime you perpetrate such dastardly
and hideous deeds you have forfeited all
claims to being a member of the human
race you have carpeted
[Applause]
we say we say that whenever a people any
people have been enslaved exploited
oppressed dehumanized burned Lynch
castrated and subjected to every other
form of mistreatment conceivable to the
human mind we say that when all of that
has been done to your people
anything that those people do to gain
their freedom and to get that beast up
off their back is justified its
justified and made no mistake about it
anything anything not only is it
justified but it is self-defence
it is self-defence a lot of people are
confused or about the whole issue of
self-defense
they view self-defense is simply being
confined to a situation where in a pig
moves on you and pulls out his gun and
threatens to kill you you don't have no
gun you know you should uh you should
run and try to leap in his chest no no
no no no self-defense goes much further
than that
it means if a pig moves on you today and
he got a gun and you ain't got a gun
quite simply you ain't in no position to
be dealing with him but it means you
know if he does that at high noon you're
not in a position to deal with him but
come sundown come sundown
and the streets a dog can desert it and
you go up on that roof and you take your
action out and you fix up your sights
and you put your index on that trigger
and you see them and you pull that
trigger that self-defense
[Music]
[Applause]
that's so perfect that's all it is a
self-defense its self-defense quite
simply because if you don't get him he's
gonna get you the next day that's why I
self-defense that's why I self-defense
we ain't right on look here we can stop
all of the rhetoric we can stop all of
the talking and vacillating and arguing
about whether or not our struggle should
be conducted along violent or nonviolent
lines when we wipe away when we squash
all and they're all in that booth this
rhetoric we get down to the fundamental
facts we find that real in a situation
where we are confronted by enemies who
have dedicated themselves to
extinguishing us to killing us to offing
us now it balls down to a simple
question of what are you gonna do about
that if you are a masochist then the
answer is quite simple you will just
allow your life to be snuffed out you
will allow them to kill you and if you
make that choice then history cannot
look upon you and will not look upon you
as being a model but they will look upon
you as being a goddamn fool I got damn
food however on the other hand if you
look at your situation and you say that
I have confronted by our enemy who is
trying to kill me and I want to live the
next thing you have to do is you have to
get yourself some equipment you have to
get yourself some tools to ensure your
continued survival now if your enemy has
a three five seven words are not gonna
get him up off your back the only thing
that can deal with that is another three
five seven or another gun it's as simple
as that
it's as simple as that the whole issue
ain't about whether we should be
nonviolent nonviolent the issue goes
much deeper than that
the issue goes to whether we want to
live or we want to die and we are all
here today because we want to live we
want to live that's without side
[Applause]
the pigs no the peas no with this
convention with this plenary session
signifies they know what it means they
know what it means
and you can bet sure you can bet your
life because they are they are you can
bet your life that right now down in the
in some closed chamber in the Pentagon
their individual sitting around plotting
and scheming on how they are going to
prevent this convention from being a
success
it means plotting and scheming since we
first mentioned it they figured Rizzo
could do the job
Rizzo blundered
the logic the logic that dictates the
actions of the pigs is so perverted and
so depraved that they think that they
can intimidate people they think that
they can frighten people off by simply
shooting at them shooting them down and
locking them up last night's the
Righteous Brothers were coming to attend
this convention and they got ripped off
by the pigs down here in Philly
nein stop trying yet they still trying
to frighten us out of having this
convention the pH think that they can
use violence to crush and destroy or the
determination of the people to be free
the pigs got to be crazy because in fact
all that they do is when they shoot down
brothers and sisters in cold blood when
they can [ __ ] false conspiracy
indictments and throw a righteous
brothers and sisters in jail when they
do that in fact all they do is awaken
more people as to the reality of what's
happening in America
they awaken more people and they bring
they awaken more people to the reality
that the situation has got to be changed
they don't frighten nobody off they make
a matter that's all they do that's all
they do when the pigs rated these cribs
the Panther cribs down here in
Philadelphia the response from the
people was the exact opposite of what
the pigs intended it to be they thought
that everybody was running the house and
hive they thought that everybody would
get under the bed they thought that come
Saturday all that only Panthers would be
here Temple University they thought that
everybody else would be someplace are
shivering in a closet but when we look
around and saw auditorium we see
thousands of people here and we know
that by this fast
[Applause]
and we know that thousands more coming
from all across the land summer
hitchhiking summer walking some are
taking a train someone taking boat some
are taking planes some don't know how
they're gonna get here but they come in
and they determine to give you
[Applause]
the pigs the pigs by shooting down in
cold blood righteous and brother
righteous brothers and sisters all they
do all they do is hasten their own doom
it's a situation wherein in a feverish
and or fiendish and a mini Attica
attempt to keep on perpetrating their
madness they are digging their own
graves with each bullet that they plunge
into the body of a revolutionary ten
more revolutionaries are born every time
every time every time they draw up a
false conspiracy indictment against some
righteous brothers and sisters all they
do is give some more people who never
thought about conspiring against this
job government the idea that's all they
do that's all they do they are digging
their own graves America today is in a
situation where it in fact has one foot
in the graveyard and the other ones
standing on a banana peel and they're
slipping fast fast fast that's the
situation that's the situation another
one of the problems that confronts us is
that too many people in this society too
many people in this society are afraid
they are afraid to come out and take an
uncompromising stand they neither openly
oppose or support their attitude is that
they're gonna get through all of this by
just being cool by just being cool
they're gonna do their own thing they're
gonna do their own thing but when we
look at the situation in the mark of the
day we find that America has named the
game tag they say the name of the game
is tag and specifically black people is
it is it
they've also said that some white folks
is it
I think Kent State was it and if anybody
after Kent State thought for one moment
that America was not serious about
creating a total fascist dictatorship
they got to be insane because we're not
for for hundreds of years it has been
commonplace for this government for the
police in the Army and all of the other
military forces of this government to in
a shameless fashion shoot down black
people and Indians and other oppressed
minorities like it wasn't nothing to it
like it wasn't nothing to it but when
they came out of Kent State and shot
down them for whites and shot down them
for whites that that should have
destroyed any illusions that anybody had
about whether or not America was fascist
they have turned on their own sons and
daughters not only not only do we have
not only do we have a struggle this is a
very unique situation that we are in a
very unique situation no way in the
pages of any history book and you find a
parallels that you issue because not
only in America do we have a class
struggle against all those who have and
those who have not the guts in that
don't have but we also have a struggle
that is manifesting itself along ethnic
lines we also have a struggle that is
manifesting itself along the lines of
sex we also have a struggle that is
age we have a hell of a struggle going
on here a hell of a struggle a hell of a
struggle one of the problems also is
that a lot of us have what you might
call a fall perspective or tunnel
perspective we see ourselves as being
black so we think that we're oppressed
and Exploited exclusively for that
reason only because we're black all
those are homosexuals and they think
that they are exploited and oppressed
only because
they're homosexuals women think that
they are exploited and oppressed only
because they're women and so on down the
line but when we check out the situation
they also think that their freedom can
only be gotten by by about waging it
within their own specific area but when
we check out the situation we found that
the same the same beasts who are
exploiting women the same beats who are
exploiting black people the same beasts
who are exploiting everybody else in
this country you know it's the same
beasts now so we got so we got to answer
this question now if this is the same
forces if it's the same beasts who's
perpetrating all of these inhuman crimes
how can we best overcome that what can
we do about that right on right on I
think everybody agrees on that but we
got to do it collectively we got to do
it together we got to do it together one
of the tools one of the psychological
tricks that America has used in order to
keep people divided and to keep them
from uniting and forming a common front
against a common enemy is the concept of
individualism of individualism they've
got us thinking that whenever we want
whatever we are lacking can be gained by
pursuing it along individual lines but
when we check it out we find that anyone
in this society who is exploited
oppressed and persecuted when they
attempt to correct that situation by
moving along an individual line all that
happens is they get shot down
individually that's all that happens but
on the other hand if we begin moving in
a unified and collective fashion we will
find that the results would be quite
different like simply because there are
more people than there are pigs
and everybody knows except the pigs and
the pigs north but they don't want to
realize it
we know goddamn well that the spirit of
the people is greater than the pigs
technology we know that you know
you know that and those of us who don't
know that the only way we can get our
freedom is by moving collectively they
better sit down and think about it
they better sit down and think about it
and they better check out a little
history too
in fact they can start by checking out
what happened back in Nazi Germany
because there was a situation wherein
you had sixty-three percent of the
population are poles to Nazi beefs Adolf
Hitler you had 63 percent of the
population but he got in there why why
because the various groups that were
opposed to him were not opposing him in
a unified fashion they had various
political parties and various trade
union parties who were fighting each
other the so-called Communists over
there were fighting the Social Democrats
and associate Democrats were fighting
the labor unions everybody was fighting
everybody else and when they looked up
it was January the 30th 1933 and out of
Hitler was the Chancellor of Germany and
it was too late too late too goddamn
late that's what happened that's what
happened we we have too many historical
examples to reflect back upon that
clearly tell us what happens when a
people wait too long and when they
refused to bury their individual petty
differences in uniting around the fact
that they are being exploited and
oppressed by by by our common oppressor
we have too many examples that tell us
what happened when the people don't dig
on that it was a more reactionary
Spanish philosopher who said something
very hip to the effect of that are those
who don't learn from history are doomed
to repeat its mistakes and we can't
afford to do that we can't afford to do
that because we have to understand once
fat fascism is a reality in this country
now but we also have to understand that
what we're witnessing now is nothing but
a preliminary bout the main event hasn't
even started yet this is nothing but a
dress rehearsal we ain't seen nothing
yet these pigs these beasts
it's lined up for us you understand they
have some some action lined up that are
that look here man it can't be described
in words but they plan on doing it can't
be described in words and every day that
we wait every day that we that we
vacillate every day that we shuck and
jive and argue over petty differences
amongst ourselves only enables our
oppressors to tighten up their hand and
to be able to more effectively
exterminate us
we don't have no time to be wasted we
don't have no time to be wasted when we
say seize the time we mean in fact seize
the time seize the time this is what we
mean when we say when we say seize the
time we also mean that if you don't
seize the time the time will seize you
that's what will happen that's what will
happen the time sees those people in
Germany who said they were against
Hitler it not only did the time seize
them but the time put them in
concentration camps and in gas chambers
the time also seized 400,000 Jews in the
Warsaw Ghetto because there we have a
very valid historical example there we
have a situation where on one hand out
of Hitler came out point-blank make no
mistake about it he didn't pull no
punches way back in 1925 and mine comes
he told everybody what he was going to
do he told everybody what he was going
to do and he he put four hundred
thousand Jews in the Warsaw Ghetto and
he told them that we are going to
exterminate you
we are going to exterminate you and to
prove that he was going to exterminate
them he was shipping them out at the
rate of ten thousand a day ten thousand
a day sending them to extermination
camps such as our switz not only was he
sending them to extermination camps but
they were also dying from and every man
of every manner of contagious disease
typhoid or bubonic plague TB so on and
so on in that population of 400,000
decimated all the way down to 50,000
until that remaining 50,000 looked
around
each other and said goddamn you know
what I think Hitler's serious he's gonna
kill us
they waited too goddamn long that was
the problem
they fought heroically the fact that
they pull up was a monument was a
testimony to the will of a people to
survive but it still doesn't obviate the
fact that they waited too long now what
we find happening in America today is
that too many people are waiting too
long too many people are waiting for the
concentration camps to be open the
concentration camps are open what you
think Allenwood is that's the
concentration camp they got people in
Allenwood and all Rio down in Oklahoma
that's the concentration camp Avon Park
down in Florida it's a concentration
camp toll Lake Oh in California Wiccans
berg in florence down in arizona
that's the concentration camp the
America even has its own Siberia up in
Alaska they call it el men drop that's
the concentration camp and people are in
those places already and then still
people walking around here talking about
well I don't think we got fascism in
this country because I don't see no
concentration camps cuz I don't see no
concentration camp all you have to do is
open up your eyes and look at the black
colony of Harlem look at the black
colony of watts
look at the black colony of North
Philadelphia in rich Temple University
sits in the middle of all you have to do
is to look at the colonized ghettos
throughout all of races babylon and you
have in fact concentration camps what is
the difference between Harlem and our
switch concentration camp what is the
difference between Harlem and North
Philadelphia in a strategic Hamlet and
in Vietnam what is the difference
between say North Philadelphia and the
Indian Reservation there is no
difference there is no difference and if
there is a difference the only
difference lies in the fact that they're
in different areas that's all because in
every one of those situations and every
one of those situations you have groups
of people who are not in control of
their own destinies who have no say-so
over who will be elected and as a factor
people in this society have no say-so
over who's going to office they have
rundown
whose site game on us they got us
thinking that they have free and popular
elections they ain't no such thing as a
free election in this society because
your candidates are pre chosen election
time comes around and you have your
choice between a pig or hog in a ball
that's the choice you get that's the
choice again
[Applause]
and in actuality you don't make a
goddamn bit of difference if you pick
the hog if you pick the ball or if you
pick the pea because one fundamental
fact remains they are all members of the
slime family they're all members of the
slime family they are a pig so you don't
have any freedom of choice it is only
the American system of government the
American system of government is the
only government the only system of
government in the world which allows
representatives or senators like James
Eastland from Mississippi to own a
plantation upon which black people are
being starved to death and at the same
time he's being paid thousands of
thousands of dollars each year not to
grow crops that can only have a look
here they talk about the American system
of government you understand is the most
unique government in the world that's
the gospel truth because no rales
because such a situation exists nowhere
else
nowhere else could you have that same
individual James Eastland the head of
the Judiciary Committee that's
investigating so-called subversives in
this country nowhere else but under the
American system of government with the
United States Constitution because you
have a situation wherein the president
can just up in are launched an invasion
into another country without the consent
of Congress nowhere else but in the
United States of America and under this
system of government with its
Constitution can you have a situation
that that allows tens of millions of
black people to go to bed starving each
night nowhere else but under the
although American system of government
can you have a situation that said that
that in effect says that the people just
don't have no rights look here when we
send representatives the office look we
tell people talk about South Africa the
only thing that separates of a
differentiate South Africa from America
is that South Africa is very open about
what they do and the only advantage that
not only black people but all oppressed
people in this country have over those
brothers and sisters in South Africa is
that we are able to go to the polls and
cast a ballot to determine who is going
on pressing exploiters for the next poll
that's the only advantage that's the
only advantage and his quad is his kept
Ringo have that advantage too much long
ago because the mad dogs out in the
White House and in the Pentagon are
already making plans to counter the 1972
elections you see this is what they're
talking about the same thing Hitler did
is say anything Hitler did all these
conspiracy charges that we see are
righteous brothers and sisters
throughout the country being indicted on
of the New York 21 the brothers and
sisters up in our New Bedford
Massachusetts and all over the country I
think if I stood up here and ran off the
list of all political prisoners in this
country we be here to about 9 o'clock
tonight just dealing with political
prisoners because there's a common
misconception there's a common
misconception everybody is running
around here or too many people run
around here thinking that the only place
you have political prisoners are in the
so-called
showing-off penitentiary that's bull
fishin every man woman and child in this
country who has exploited oppressed and
who has been dehumanized is in fact a
political prisoner that is what they are
that is what they are
the other here EB Newton brother here EP
Newton the Minister of Defense and
supreme command of the Black Panther
Party put it very eloquently jack and
very down-to-earth when he made when he
pointed out that the only difference
between San Quentin and Fillmore in San
Francisco the only difference between
Harlem and singsing State Penitentiary
is that one is a maximum-security
penitentiary and the other one is a
minimum security penitentiary that's the
only difference
that's the only difference and you can
believe you can believe is Shaw is piece
of pork Harlem is a penitentiary that's
all it is it's a penitentiary it's a
cold blooded penitentiary it just
doesn't have any balls around it it has
invisible balls but it's a penitentiary
it's a penitentiary I mean you look at
the guards you know who drive up and
down the streets of our community you
know in blue uniforms or in green
uniforms or whatever color uniform they
mean well in their particular City when
you look at them you have to be some
kind of brainwashed or some kind of
space doubt or insane to believe that
they are actually there to protect you
because we know they're not we know
they're not where we look at the police
who ride through our communities we know
that they are there for one reason and
one reason only and that is to guarantee
that we don't get out of our places and
if we do get out of our places that
shoot us down in cold blood that's the
only reason they're there the pit and
the make sure we stay there the pigs the
guards and San Quentin Penitentiary and
in Sing Sing penitentiary fulfill and
carry out the same function they are in
that penitentiary and make sure that the
prisoners do not exceed it makes sure
that they stay locked up behind bars
there's no difference between a guard
and San Quentin a pig and San Quentin
and a pig who arrives in the police car
and Fillmore there's no difference both
of them are doing the same job for the
same people so there's no difference and
this is what we got to begin relating to
we got to understand that when we talk
about security the release of political
for political prisoners we're not just
talking about Bobby Seale and the
members of of the New Haven nine we're
just not talking about Lonnie McLucas
we're not just talking about the members
of the New York Panther 21 we're just
not talking about the LA 18 we're just
not talking about of the solid dad
brothers we're just not talking about
those who are locked up behind visible
bars when we talk about securing the
release of political prisoners we are
talking about getting some freedom
justice and equality for every man woman
and child in this country that's what
we're talking about and you can believe
that as long as them brothers are locked
up in jail as long as they're locked up
behind those visible bars
ain't no way under the Sun or anybody in
here can talk about they're free it's no
way under the Sun if you think that
you're just deluding yourself the
example that was laid down in terms of
how to get brothers and sisters out of
jail the most valid example along those
lines has been laid down by a group of
righteous brothers down in South America
by the name of the tupamaros down in
Uruguay
[Applause]
and has been laid down by a group of
brothers down in Brazil and you can bet
that it is righteously been laid down by
a brother named by the name of Jonathan
Jackson
by a brother by the name of Willie
Christmas
by a brother by the name of James McCain
and Rochelle Mooji they laid down the
example they laid down the example down
in South America they know where they
want to get somebody out of jail they
ain't gonna do it by demonstrating
boycotting no no no they have learned
the art of fair exchange you have
somebody we want and we have somebody
you want if you don't give us people
that be wrong we ain't gonna give you
back the people that you want it's a
simple of that and a few limos job us in
period imperial is supporting and
laughing governments try to take a firm
stand and they said well this has gone
too far
you're ripping off too many ambassadors
you're ripping off too many agents so
we're not gonna give them up no more
Super Ball said right on that's cool you
ain't got to give them up in about two
days you can find the body the CIA's are
floating down the river and that's what
they found it that's what he found
they knew that they wasn't gone
demonstrate no political prison out no
Jo
they knew they wasn't gone picking a
boycott no political prison out of jail
Jonathan Jackson and their brothers out
there in San Rafael in California they
knew that what was confronting them was
a fundamental a fundamental choice of
freedom or death now that's the same
thing that erases Patrick Henry was
talking about what did he say he said
give me liberty or give me death and in
school they tell us that that was right
on and said that he was a a
righteousness freedom lover he was a
servant of humanity he was a man because
he said that but when Jonathan Jackson
and him brother said it they didn't say
that
they said today was criminals who they
try on a job who they trying to fool who
they trying to fool we know that
Jonathan Jonathan Jackson and them
brothers wasn't criminals they were
simply brothers and sisters our brothers
who stood up and said that either I will
have my freedom or I will die trying to
get it and that's the same attitude that
we must take that we must take
you can believe you can believe that
life is nothing without freedom that's
what life is supposed to be all about
it's as simple as that we supposed to be
free because we live in and if we can't
get our freedom then then then ain't
nobody supposed to have it that's what
it boils down to we have a situation
where all the military in the economic
power this society rests in the hands of
approximately five hundred thousand
people
five hundred thousand people now there's
something like two hundred and six
million people in this country I think
five hundred thousand is about one fall
for one percent that one fall for one
percent controls about ninety-five
percent of all of the wealth in this
country I would have to say that that
would be that that would be a clear-cut
illustration of of inequality and
unequal distribution you know that's
unequal distribution whenever you have
all the power over here wrestling in the
hands of a small minority and all of the
masses of the people over here they're
broke and wallowing in the muck and mire
of impoverishment and destitution that
that is a messed up situation that has
to be changed that has to be and that's
what we hear that's what we down here
for today that's what we've come
together for today because we have said
to ourselves and to each other that too
long too goddamn long as this mad that's
been going down and we have to
understand that nobody is gonna stop it
but us and if we are not going to take
the initiative if we are not going to
move in the direction if we are not
going to move to end right now I bring
to a grinding halt the diesel train of
fascism that is rolling across the land
if we don't derail that train right now
look here come the end of the 20th
century jack we ain't gonna be around we
ain't gonna be around we all gonna be
dead and if you think it can't happen
all you've got to do is look back to the
pages of history
because it has happened time and time
again time and time again and we can't
afford to let that happen now so we are
down here today to put our heads
together to put our minds together and
to begin the process of drafting a new
document a new constitution that will in
fact that rule in reality serve as the
legal basis for the society a document
that will transform radically and
revolutionarily this entire society a
document that in the end will result in
the power being placed in the hands of
the people when should have been from
Jump Street but where has never been we
are all about creating a document that
will enable our brothers and sisters
everybody in this society to have
gainful employment to have enough to eat
America is the richest country in the
world in hey it accounts for about six
percent of the total world population
but yet it controls over 57% of all of
the wealth in the world it has at its
disposal every conceivable form of
modern technology it is capable of
providing everyone with the highest
possible standard of living but the
rulers of this society have seen fit not
to do that why because if it did if they
did that it would mean that cash would
have to come out of their pocket and you
can believe that Rockefellers not to
give is not about to give up standard
all standard all belongs to the people
the people should own it but rocky ain't
gonna give up Standard Oil he's not
going to give it up if the work is going
to show no strike the government will
send out troops the National Guard will
be sent out to crush that strike the
melons ain't gonna give up Chrysler the
Falls ain't gonna give up for the peels
ain't gonna give up you a steel Dan
gonna give it up they're gonna give none
of it up because it would me that money
would be coming out of their pockets and
they live for one thing and one thing
only and that is to accumulate wealth
they're dope fiends they're dope fiends
in the
to a sense of the world because they are
hopelessly addicted hopelessly addicted
to money money is the Alpha in the Omega
of their existence it is the beginning
and the end of their life this is what
they're all about
money is everything to them and their
existence has no meaning without cash
and they have not hesitated to do
anything to make certain that they keep
that money so they are hopelessly
addicted there's really no cure for them
if there is a cure yes there is a cure
there is a cure and that cure yeah
there's a cure form yeah it's a shot an
injection that acure them an injection
that emanates not from a hypodermic
needle but from the bow of a gun
they're not going to give it up and we
don't have it and repose to have it the
only choice we got is to take it is to
take it so we are going to get together
today and we're gonna we're gonna begin
moving towards that we gonna hook up a
new constitution a new constitution and
I think everyone here should fully
realized that when we do when we draft
that document and when we present that
document don't think for one moment
please don't think for one moment that
Nixon and Agnew and company will look at
that document and say oh I'll see you
drafted up a new constitution well
that's cool now what do you want you
wanna you want Lockheed okay there's
Lockheed hmm you want DuPont
okay there's DuPont you all General
Motors okay to all hell no then gonna
come out no bag like that now they're
not gonna do anything like that where we
draw up this document when we draw up
this document the pigs of America will
all come together and form a united
front for one purpose for one purpose
only and that will be to crush us so now
if we are serious about drawing up a new
document if we are serious about drawing
up a new constitution we also have to be
ready to defend that we have to be ready
to defend it because they just they
gonna give it to
you make no mistake about it ah make no
mistake about it
made no mistake about it of
[Music]
brothers and sisters brothers and
sisters hold up look here we are not
going to allow one question to plunge us
into chaos confusion and pandemonium you
see we're not gonna do that we're not
gonna allow we're not gonna allow
anybody to sabotage and to destroy what
we want to do we're not gonna do that
you're not gonna do that but Aldo out of
respect I'm gonna address myself to that
question that asinine and ridiculous
question how many black millionaires are
there there's a handful maybe two or
three or four five so what what does
that mean how many white millionaires
all and when you check out how many
white millionaires they are you simply
find that uh they constitute over you
when you check out the white
millionaires against those White's you
don't have you find that uh the
percentage is about the same it's about
the same look here talking about black
millionaires there's another delusion
that a lot of people are laboring under
there's another trick that a lot of
people are going for a lot of black
people specifically and that's the myth
of black capitalism of black South
America
Nixon when he was campaigning for office
made it explicitly clear the black
people that he gave a good goddamn about
our vote he told us that we could take
our vote and ramming up our keisters
that's how I felt about that but there's
a little mile concession to black people
he came out and he said okay black
people are economically impoverished
they don't own anything they don't have
no wealth they don't control any of the
means of production so this is what I'm
gonna do I'm gonna give him a little
black capitalism a little black
capitalism that's what he said he was
gonna do and to carry out that function
to carry out that task he's had he's got
dr. Thomas Matthew I guess you could
call him the head of the black capitis
movement in this country
he's also guided his disposal our
Whitney Young and Roy Wilkins who are
also dedicated to all to the belief that
black people should be incorporated into
the mainstream of this society and that
they should receive a bigger slice of
the corrupting disease capitalist pie
they've told they've telling us that all
of our economic problems can be solved
by more black businesses being created
but recently a few months ago our head
of the Labor Department one of the chief
spokesman for the Labor Department came
out and saying he admitted himself that
black capitalism was a failure it was a
failure because standard all standard
all in General Motors the two richest
corporations in the world couldn't
afford to subsidize any black business
men couldn't now that that like tells us
right there what that's all about but
when we take it down to a deeper level
when we check it out even further and
boil it down to the basic nitty gritty
we find that what is the difference
between a white capitalist in a black
cow place what is the difference
if if there is a difference it only
manifests itself in along the lines of
skin pigment because what happens is
this in the case of being exploited by
our weight in the case of a white Chapel
is a white capitalist is picking your
pocket in the case of a black topless
a black capitalist is picking your
pocket the only difference is that the
color of the hand has changed in the
case of the farmer or you have a white
hand in your pocket in the case of a
ladder you have a black hand in your
pocket but the fundamental fact still
remains that hand is in your pocket and
it don't belong there so don't make no
difference what color the skin is so
don't make no difference
they got a group in this society that
they call the black bourgeoisie in
actuality ain't no such thing as a black
bourgeoisie in this country because the
bully's Razi is quite simply those who
control the means of production in the
society the bourgeoisie who are the
bourgeoisie the bourgeoisie of the
Rockefellers all of them are abused the
for the DuPont's those are the
bourgeoisie we don't have no black
people in this society who fall into
that category the only thing that black
people could do they don't reduce the
only thing they produce in this society
is babies that's all we produce that's
all we produced and we say right on to
that we say right on to that but uh are
they in the same sufficient we don't
want no factories you don't know no
factories and all of these so-called
members of the so-called black
bourgeoisie when we check them out we
find that they don't own nothing they
don't own nothing they in reality or
nothing but managers for the way
capitalism that's all they are they
don't owe nothing when we check out the
so call where we check out the true the
white boards walls here in this country
we find that they owned factories they
owned plants their own of tens and
thousands and hundreds of thousands of
acres of land when we check out the so
called black bourgeoisie we find the day
as doctors and lawyers don't only know
property we find that there are
glorified clerks in some government
agencies and they probably boudoirs
e-book so ain't nobody there oh nothing
they don't know nothing they say that
the society that we live under is
governed economically by by the
principle and the practice of free
enterprise free enterprise that is a
goddamn lie there's no such thing as
free enterprise in this country all they
have in this country is if you want to
cut they got some socialism in this
country too yeah they got some socialism
they got socialism for the rich and free
enterprise go for yourself for the poor
that's what it boils down to
economically America is a monopolistic
society it is monopolistic any time you
have a situation where in a society in
the country
you have approximately four billion
seven hundred thousand businesses four
billion are four million seven hundred
thousand businesses and out of that five
the 500 largest corporations account for
damn near fifty percent of everything
that is produced sole and manufactured
in this country that is free enterprise
that's monopoly that's monopoly anytime
you have any time you have a situation
where in every sector of the economy you
find one or two or three or no more than
four corporations dominating that entire
or that entire area of production that's
monopoly that a free enterprise anytime
you have a situation where you have say
in the aluminum industry where you have
our coal cars and reynolds aluminum they
run the whole show
they got it all that ain't no free
enterprise that's monopoly anytime you
have in the rubber industry or Uniroyal
BF goodrich Goodyear in our fire stone
controlling the whole show and there are
hundreds of other rubber companies that
ain't no free enterprise that's
cold-blooded monopoly anytime you have a
situation where you have a handful of
banks like the Bank of America Chase
Manhattan first nice new city or anytime
you have a situation with a control damn
near all of the banking that ain't no
free enterprise that's monopoly there's
no such thing as free enterprise in this
country there's no such thing it died at
the turn of the century that's when it
died
we have a situation where the
administrators in the rulers of this
society are telling people who
especially black people that if they
want to better their economic plate that
they should go into business but they
don't tell us that each year
approximately fifteen thousand
businesses go out of business and their
small businesses we look at that little
we look at that in the ghetto and the
colony we look at VR at the grocery
store on the corner that's owned by Joe
who would like to be capless [ __ ] you
understand would really like to be you
understand and we look up Jack he opens
the store in January and by May he's out
of business and what was our grocery
store is now cleaners and three months
later to do the bloody wrong the
cleaners is out of business
and now they got a fishing ship joint
they're the only business in the black
community that really survives is the
liquor store is the liquor store that's
the only business so we we look at it we
find that that that brother who owns who
owns that grocery store he can't compete
with ANP he can't compete with the
Safeway he can't compete with allied our
supermarkets he can't compete with none
of them and as a result he incurs all
great financial losses he finds his ass
up to Yale and debt to the bank and in
time he's got to sell out and they're
gonna tell us that that that that black
capitalism's on hands on problems they
got to be crazy they got to be crazy I
wouldn't care if there were ten million
black millionaires in this country it
wouldn't make a goddamn bit of
difference as far as the broad masses of
the people are concerned as long as
they're capitalists they are gonna be
manufacturing goods not for the purpose
of serving the needs of the people not
for the purpose of of allowing the
people to buy items and products that
are really beneficial to them no they're
not gonna be doing that if they were 10
million our black millionaires they'd be
doing the same thing that Rockefellers
doing they'd be doing the same thing
that the DuPont's are doing at General
Motors they'd be manufacturing cars that
are systematically designed and
guaranteed to break down in three years
so you have to go buy another one that's
what they be doing so
so it don't make no difference what
color the skin of a capless is be it
black white purple pink green if a green
captain is came from Mars he still be a
capitalist he still be a cabinet and
he'd be offered to the same thing so
what we are saying is that since the
capitalist system of economic production
is based upon the manufacturing of goods
not for the purpose of serving the needs
of the people but rather for the purpose
of exploiting them
beating them out of their caste since it
is based upon exploitation of the masses
of the people we say that it's got to go
then it's got to go so we don't want no
black capitalism the white capitalism no
green capitalism we don't want no kind
of capitalism
when when we check out the various
economic systems existing today we find
that the only one that is capable of
guaranteed guaranteed gain from
employing our employments only one that
is capable of guaranteeing that people
will be able to live in homes that are
fit for for the shelter of human beings
that they will be able to live in homes
where and they can put their babies in
bed at night and not be worried about a
huge enormous rooting climbing into that
crib annoying that babies of death are
the only economic system that is capable
of guarantee guaranteeing the people the
right to determine the cost of their own
destiny and that is capable of
guaranteeing the people the right of
determining what has made hard as made
in hide as distributed is the
socialistic form of government the
socialistic system that's the older
power it's the only power
we don't know people be asked people ask
they say well what are you going to call
what are you going to call the new
system in America what do you we don't
care what you call it
names ain't important names ain't
important that's one of our problems we
get hung up on the song or we get hung
up on the singing forget all about the
song you see it's not important what you
call it
the important thing is what it is all
about if it is about you understand
making certain that people can live in
the harmonious and cooperative fashion
without fear of having their bodies
ripped off in the throne in the jail and
having a hundred thousand dollar bail
slapped on them if it if it is a society
that is capable of guaranteeing that
every man woman and child receives the
highest possible standard of living if
it is the society based upon those
principles and others then I don't care
what you call it
that's the kind of society we want
that's the kind of society's reward
and so we see today that the present
system of government is the exact
opposite of what we want the exact
opposite the people in society have no
say-so over over what's going to be done
and how it's gonna be done their role is
simply to consent to all the madness
that's going down that's their role
that's their role and we say like they
got a song out by Marvin Gaye's it's got
a verse in their jacket we relate to
very heavily we were showing up in there
to it because it says we are tired of
this stuff enough is enough and we've
come to the end of this role and this is
what we're saying now we've come to the
end of the road we the peers the
fascists who control this country are
saying straight ahead straight ahead
we're saying no we're not going straight
ahead we're putting up a detour side
we're changing the direction in which
this country is moving we're gonna
derail the diesel train of fascism
that's sweeping across the land we are
going to bring back down to earth that
that that's super jet plane of fascism
that's flying across the skies we're
gonna dump it we're gonna squash it
we're gonna take this constitution that
is presently in existence and we're
gonna render it null and void it ain't
no good hey never been no good we don't
need it we got to get rid of it that's
what that balls-out see we are we are
we're gonna sit down and we're gonna
draw up a document that says if you
constitute 40% of the population or 30%
of the population then you deserve 30%
of the wealth if you constitute 10% then
you deserve 10% that's what the
proportional representation is all about
that's what it's all about it's not
about a small handful of depraved and
demented pigs owning everything at the
expense of the people we are saying jack
then if it's 30 our 30% of the
population 30% black people the nation
own 30% of Standard Oil they should old
30% of General Motors they should
control 30% of the seats in the House of
Representatives and in there are and in
the Senate
that if we're 30% of the population we
want 30% of all the action not only do
we want 30% of all the action not only
do we want 30% of all the action or when
we take over those corporations or
General Motors will not be based upon
manufacturing tanks that don't even work
tanks that when the troops get in them
you understand they are more afraid of
that tank blowing up than they are about
getting in the way of a Viet Cong bullet
we say that will retake over coat coat
industries we're not going to be
manufacturing m16 that blow up in the
faces of the troops the troops ain't got
no business over there anyway but we're
not going to be making our guns for that
purpose we're gonna be making guns to
distribute those guns to the people
because we know that the only guarantees
the best guarantees that that the
administrators and those who the people
select to conduct the affairs of state
the best guarantee that those
administrators will not get down file
the best guarantees that those
administrators will not express and
exploit the people it's a game for
people to guns forgive the people of gun
I think y'all have to agree on this that
brother Huey Newton brother here zippy
Newton hit the nail on the head and
brought it right down to earth when you
say is that it and all unarmed people
are people who are in slavery or subject
to being slit enslaved at any time at
any time America is very uptight today
over the fact that so many people have
guns they don't want people to have guns
because they know that once the people
are all they are then in a position they
are then in a position to move against
those who are oppressing and exploiting
them why can't my all state on get down
wrong in China if you wanted to because
there are 700 million Chinese over there
and they all got guns
they all got guns what is the guarantee
that the brothers and sisters and North
Korea will be properly representative
with all what is the guarantee they have
that are that Kim song and the other
brothers over there will not oppress and
exploit them that guarantee is that the
people are armed they are on the second
amendment of the constitution of this
country gives everyone a right to bear
arms a right to bear arms but at the
same time the pigs are uptight now they
did that the people are going to be
using those guns to get their freedom so
what are they talking about they saying
you ain't got no right to bear arms you
say that's bullish we says bullish we
need more than really more than arms
that are just capable of holding little
babies we don't we really more than
those kind of arms we need arms that are
capable of emanating bullets that are
capable of plunging into the body of the
prayed and demented beasts all that will
kill those pigs that's the kind of arms
we need we need arms of arms arms and
some more arms we need as many arms as
we can get because without those arms
we're gonna find our asses in a flame in
a clam that's what's going to happen
that's what's gonna happen a lot of
people in the society you're talking
about freedom but they do not relate
they really don't know they really don't
relate to our to self-defense
they really don't relate to it I don't
know something
there on one hand talk about how bad
things are in this country and they
don't see no sign that things are gonna
get any better but at the same time it's
said that I can't pick up no gun I think
that is a form of madness and I think I
think that they are often to what we
call a reactionary suicide that's what
they're off into you know a lot of
people who sit around and say well
somehow someway someday very shortly
everything is going to work itself out
for the best
and then a few minutes later the front
door is crashed in and they're 10p
standing in front of them with all about
a griffon shotguns submachine gun so
forth and so on you know saying that
somebody just got shot down the street
officer just got shot down the street
and all we think that that the executors
ran into your house you know so we're
gonna search your crib and if you move
we're gonna blow your head off and we're
gonna blow off the head of your little
baby and your wife and he says but ain't
nobody come in here and nothing
happening in here and the pH say shut up
or you're gonna be dead and if he says
one more word they either gonna kill him
or arrest him but in the event that he
lives and they storm on out he looks
around and he says a lot of them say
this a lot of a master that has gone
down saying well things are getting
pretty bad but after all you have to
admit that this is the best country in
the world they got to be crazy
they got to be crazy no mind it don't
work like that it don't work like that
they got an old adage that says your
home is a kingdom or something like that
that's your home nobody has the ride
your home is the castle nobody has the
right to kick in your door to drag you
out of that home they had they don't
have that right if they attempt to do
that you are perfectly within your
rights to shoot them down
to shoot them down they have something
they talked about all black people are
getting violent white radicals are
getting violent and violence is wrong
this is what they say they have confused
and befall that issue to such an extent
that a lot of people are really going
for that but we say that violence
manifests itself in a number of matters
we also say that they are basically and
fundamentally when you get right down to
it two forms of violence there is what
we turn reactionary violence that is the
violence that is used by the oppressor
to keep the oppressed in a state of
subjugation and enslavement and then
there is revolutionary violence that is
violence that is used by those who are
oppressed and Exploited for the purpose
of getting your own cursor off of their
back we say that the latter form of
violence revolutionary violence is
justified it should be endorsed and
should be indulged in by every man woman
and child who is concerned with freedom
and we say that the former form of
violence reactionary violence is a crime
against humanity we say that when hair
on is flooded into the black community
and when seven and eight year old black
we are black our boys and girls are died
from oldies we say that that is a form
of violence we say that forcing a people
to live under barbaric and inhuman
conditions where the plaster is falling
off the wall and where little boys and
little girls eat that plaster and in
curved land poisoning which leads to
mental retardation and permanent brain
damage that that's a form of violence we
say that when you go into the store and
you were charged ten times what the item
is really worth that is a form of
violence we say that in beyond the doubt
when the PA grows up on a black person
or any person in this society and shoots
them down in cold blood but that is a
form of violence and we say that
anything we do to defend ourselves
against that reactionary violence is
justified and that's why we should be
off into that's what that boils down to
we ain't even gonna get hung up over
whether we gonna be
not because the fact of the matter is we
don't have no choice so we're going to
get together today and we're gonna put
this thing into motion and the end
result of it it's going to be a new
society not only is it gonna be a new
society but it's gonna be a new world
it's gonna be a new world and we have to
see it in those terms because the entire
fate of mankind the faith in the destiny
of humanity is dependent upon to a very
very large extent how effectively we do
our job here today and in the following
days because the fate of humanity's
rests upon us music we have to
understand our historical mission
I'm not glorifying what we're off into
I'm not destroying a pun in any undue
praise I'm simply making a statement of
fact and that fact is that we do if we
do not do our job effectively mankind is
through dancing it'll be all over with
so let's get on off into it let's take
care of business and I want to end by
saying oh yes there's one more thing I
want to say there's one more thing I
wanna say I wanna notify all the
brothers and sisters here that are on
September the 8th 100 Centre Street in
New York City
the trial of thirteen Black Panthers who
were indicted on September 2 set on
April the 2nd 1969 for conspiracy to
blow up some tulips in the Botanical
Gardens
to blow up some department stores or
something like that that trial begins
that trial begins and it's gonna be a
mass rally that morning beginning at 9
o'clock at 100 Center Street later on
tonight speaking will be the minister of
defense and supreme commander of the
Black Panther Party brother Huey Newton
the joint is packed now Zachary packed
to the gills now and I'll come tonight I
guess we're just gonna be sitting on top
of each other waiting to hear Huey cuz
he's got a hell of a message to deliver
all power to the people and right on
power to the people power to the people
power to the people right off
[Music]
right-oh ask some information for you
because we know that the pigs don't want
us to hold our plenary session so
they've been a couple of people so we
signed an injunctive release with the
pigs and the pigs were violating in now
we're going to have a table in the back
when we come back this evening for the
attorneys will be and anyone who's been
slept with by these pigs we'd like you
to stop there and rent it down to these
attorneys now we have attorneys at all
the pig precincts around Philadelphia so
if anyone gets busted you to ask for the
attorney that's there for the purpose of
guaranteeing that you get your legal
rights and so forth is to ask for that
attorney
okay due to the problems with moving
people in and the time we're not going
to be able to have any workshop today
what we're going to do is we're going to
feed you we have right on
and we want the people we want you to
come back early this evening around 6
o'clock so that we can move in and
everybody can be seated when the
minister of defense gets here now pull
up pull up pull it
and for for the people who may not be
able to get back in here who may not be
able to get back into the gymnasium
tonight we will have speakers outside
and that will be speakers set up at the
touch of the Advocate so that you'll
still be able to hear the Minister of
Defense
thing
[Music]
I thought it was really a fascinating
speech by a man who's going to defend
himself at the Panther trial Michael de
Boer is a extremely articulate guy and I
thought he made a very effective and
stimulating rap and a lot of things he
said I think almost all particularly
what he says about doing it together I
agree with 100%
you think he outlined any new directions
for the movement to take well I thought
what he did was articulate the past and
in good fashion and then he said one
thing I think eyes to be said every day
they've all got to do it together that
makes no sense if we don't do it
together
[Music]